## Seed code - Boilerplate Code

### Assignment Step Description

In this case study, we will implement REST-based MicroServices with Spring Boot.
In this step, we will create this application in four parts 
    
        1. UserService
        2. NoteService
        3. CategoryService
        4. ReminderService

### Steps to be followed:

    Step 1: Clone the boilerplate in a specific folder on your local machine and import the same in your eclipse STS.
    Step 2: Go thru the readme.md file and implement the code for UserService and run the test cases.
    Step 3: Go thru the readme.md file and implement the code for NoteService  and run the test cases.
    Step 4: Go thru the readme.md file and implement the code for CategoryService and run the test cases.
    Step 5: Go thru the readme.md file and implement the code for ReminderService and run the test cases.

### Project structure

    Project
	|
	├── NoteService                             // This is the microservice of Note   
	├── CategoryService                         // This is the microservice of Category   
	├── ReminderService                         // This is the microservice of Reminder   
	├── UserService                             // This is the microservice of User   
	├── .gitignore			                    // This file contains a list of file name that are supposed to be ignored by git 	
	├── .project			                    // This is automatically generated by eclipse, if this file is removed your eclipse will not recognize this as your eclipse project. 
	└── pom.xml 			                    // This is the parent POM, which holds Backend project and REST project dependencies.

### Important instructions for Participants
> - We expect you to write the assignment on your own by following through the guidelines, learning plan, and the practice exercises
> - The code must not be plagirized, the mentors will randomly pick the submissions and may ask you to explain the solution
> - The code must be properly indented, code structure maintained as per the boilerplate and properly commented
> - Follow through the problem statement shared with you

### Further Instructions on Release

*** Release 0.1.0 ***

- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> spring boot app to run your Assignment.
- Right click on the Assignment select Run As -> JUnit Test to run your Assignment.